Fix broken URL (#664)
astronomer/docs: software/image-architecture.md

- Database: PostgreSQL (11, 12), MySQL (5.7, 8.0+)
- System Distribution: Debian 10 (Buster)

> > **Note:** While the Astronomer Certified Python Wheel supports Python versions 3.6, 3.7, and 3.8, Astronomer Certified Docker images have been tested and built only with Python 3.7. To run Astronomer Certified on Docker with Python 3.6 or 3.8, you can create a custom image with a different Python version specified. For more information, read [Change Python Versions](https://docs.astronomer.io/software/customize-image#build-with-a-different-python-version).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** While the Astronomer Certified Python Wheel supports Python versions 3.6, 3.7, and 3.8, Astronomer Certified Docker images have been tested and built only with Python 3.7. To run Astronomer Certified on Docker with Python 3.6 or 3.8, you can create a custom image with a different Python version specified. For more information, read [Change Python Versions](customize-image.md#build-with-a-different-python-version).
```
